Julius Conaway

Module 2

1. XML - Extensible Markup Language (XML) is a universal format maintained by the W3C used for representation and transfer of structured data on the web or
between different applications. 

2. Serverless Architecture - Serverless architecture describes architectures where companies or stakeholders effectively outsource data handling by servers
 to a third party. Experts point out that serverless architecture does not mean that there are no servers involved in handling data Ц it simply means that the
 company absolves itself of responsibility for managing and caring for the servers.

3. OO Programming - Object-oriented programming (OOP) is a software programming model constructed around objects. This model compartmentalizes data into objects.

4. API - An application programming interface (API) is a set of protocols, routines, functions and/or commands that programmers use to develop software or
facilitate interaction between distinct systems.

5. MVC - Model View Controller (MVC) is a design pattern for computer software.

6. Microsoft SQL Server - SQL Server is Microsoft's relational database management system (RDBMS). It is a full-featured database primarily designed to compete
against competitors Oracle Database (DB) and MySQL.  

7. SSIS - Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is a part of Microsoft's SQL Server that intends to make data migration easier. It is designed for
data integration and workflow for extract, transform and load (ETL) operations used in data warehousing. 

8.Devops - The term DevOps is commonly considered a combination of the concepts of development and operations. It is used in IT to refer to roles or processes
that bridge various department Ц usually development and operations teams Ц to achieve a certain project management philosophy that involves more efficiency
in communications between development teams and other parts of a greater business or organization.

9. CI - In information technology, a configuration item is a component of a system that can be identified as a self-contained unit for purposes of change control
and identification. In other words, version numbers and configuration item registration codes help in uniquely identifying configuration items. Configuration
items play an important role in configuration management systems. The versions and changes of configuration items form a major part of any configuration audits.

10. CD - A live CD or live disk is a self-contained bootable and fully operational operati1ы,jнощ▄j╫Э