Julius Conaway

Module 3 

First I would like to express how excited I am about beginning my new life and how thankful I am to be given the oppurtunity. I believe the 12 keys
to Success are already at work in my life and I will try to implement each of the keys as much as humanly possible from now on. If I were being honest though, I
do see an area of GREAT oppurtunity already. I believe key number 11 will be the most challenging for me to improve and get a good handle on. I am an extremely
hard worker and an even more passionate person. I am the type of person that will work overtime everyday this week and give my self one day of rest then
work more overtime. This has been a gift in a curse for me for quite some time. Knowing this was a problem I was walking into the program with I have begun to
plan accordinlgy to not let this hinder me while in this important time of my life. I have moved in with my fufture co founder/sister to provide me with help with
my children so I will have enough time to study, pratice coding, and complete homework. I have been doing overtime alot on my job as of lately to compensate for 
me starting school to not over work myself to quick. Also by moving in with my sister I have cut my finacial woes for us both in half almost which brings about 
less stress. I have also stopped all other activities outside of work, school, and family for the next 6 months to cut down the possibility of anything distracting
me or taking me off course. My job has been notified of me starting school and have agreed to not exceed my regular work hours unless it is the last resort. Last
but not least I have created my own outside of school support team and have surrounded my self by them. My mom will be in charge of making sure I sleep and eat 
correctly(she is great at making smoothies!!). My sister and girlfriend are going to bear the load as far as my children are concerned. With all these things put
into place and of course always keeping God first, I believe I have what I need to get the most out of the boot camp.I dont only want to be an Alumni in the future
but also the type of success story Rutgers Coding Boot Camp can be proud of. 

P. S - My apologies I know I used to many words.